happy family day everyone that's a
holiday that canada made up because we
were sad we don't have a president
i think we've gotten over it now though
hey those fancy new foldable phones
finally came out that's exciting but it
turns out they're less exciting on the
durability front while the z flip
reportedly has unquestionably better
build quality than the razer samsung's
second gen foldable is running into some
durability problems of its own
specifically concerning its ultra thin
glass display even though the phone did
nothing to him jerry rig everything put
it through his usual torture test and
found that the screen was much easier to
damage than modern glass covered phone
displays and acted a lot like the
plastic display seen on the galaxy fold
samsung says the z-flip screen is glass
thank you very much but it does have a
protective layer over top similar to the
fold which the company will replace if
damaged not for free
for money but that's not the only
durability concern a twitter user's
brand new z flip apparently cracked on
the first fold potentially caused by
cold weather guys i don't know about
this whole foldable thing seems like
it's not working out too well
let's just give up nvidia has clarified
the reason why activision blizzard games
were removed from the company's geforce
now streaming service shortly after the
service launched out of beta last week
turns out that activision only had an
agreement with nvidia to host its games
on geforce now during the beta period
and that it wanted a separate commercial
agreement for the public paid launch of
the streaming service although there is
still a free tier for geforce now and
really people are just paying nvidia for
time on their servers because the games
you're playing are games you own and
apparently none of this has to do with
activision blizzard's deal with google
that concerns google's cloud services
but not stadia it's about streaming
esports events on youtube this is all
much too confusing you know i'm not too
sure about this whole scheme streaming
thing i say we throw it out and it's
time to check in again on what's being
canceled and changed due to the
coronavirus outbreak blizzard is moving
chinese overwatch league matches that
were scheduled to take place in shanghai
guangzhou
and hangzhou i'm a white guy to seoul
south korea the beijing auto show the
chinese f1 grand prix and the chinese
round of the formula e series will all
also be indefinitely postponed and
finally concerts all over china have
been cancelled on mass which has led to
many artists performing virtual concerts
via live streaming on video platforms
like billy billy complete with
announcement posters and everything
which i think is pretty cool even in the
face of a horrifying viral outbreak
people still find a way to share music
with each other you know i kind of like
this whole live streaming thing
let's keep it now it's time for quick
bits brought to you by private internet
access if you missed it linus talked to
the people at pia about the recent
acquisition on the wan show so you can
watch that up there but for now you
should know that whether you're on
windows mac os android ios linux google
chrome firefox or opera pias got your
back like your best friend in a zombie
apocalypse but not the type of fake
friend who runs away the kind that holds
the doors of the gymnasium so you can
escape love that guy pia also features
dns and ipv6 leak protection an internet
kill switch which will block all traffic
if the vpn becomes disconnected
unexpectedly and you can connect up to
five devices at once so check it out
today at lmg.gg pia tech linked or the
link below that's a little easier just
to click it you know i did you know i
kind of like this whole quick bits thing
let's do them foldable phones might be
officially over they're not i'm just but
if you want another way to expand your
mobile screen real estate tcl is
reportedly making a phone with a slide
out display that will somehow
fuse into the main display so you've got
an uninterrupted bigger display somehow
i'm not sure how they figured out how to
still make the display a smooth unbroken
surface but i don't know how any of this
stuff works and neither do you probably
so let's just forget it hey here's a psa
from tana on the linus tech tips forums
microsoft is pulling windows 10 update
kb4524244
due to reports of blue screens of death
and various other glitches that's not
even the only windows update problem
microsoft is having right now apparently
kb4532693
is also causing problems classic
kb426693 whatever that number was
and it's even deleting users files too
ah what's a pc user to do
when in doubt pizza i have been haunted
by the lost potential of blizzard's
unreleased starcraft ghost since the
game's assets first leaked onto the web
like a million years ago now we're
seeing a bit of what we missed out on
thanks to leaked footage of an early
build and it looks
fine
for a game that would have released in
like 2006 on the playstation 2. you know
let's be honest it looks kind of bad and
knowing that's what i missed out on
i can finally let it go
[Music]
researchers from the university of
chicago have developed a prototype
bracelet that can jam all nearby
microphones using ultrasound emitters
placed around its circumference it could
be useful for avoiding eavesdropping
when you're relaying sensitive
information or for trolling everyone
nearby who's just trying to call their
grandma what you hate grandmas that's
messed up man it's family day it's
family day
you want to know what's messed up the
possibility that cyborg locusts could be
flying around airports in the future
because yeah because scientists from
washington university implanted
electrodes in the insects and were then
able to hijack their neural activity to
detect when the locusts were smelling
explosive or non-explosive vapors thanks
to ciaran on the ltt forum for that
story and now i was just gonna eat my
lunch but i'm gonna have to wait so
thanks but i won't make you sit around
while i do that because this episode is
over come back on wednesday for more
tech news a little locust told me it'll
be a good one
[Laughter]
[Music]